Show installing Foreman Server for all builds (#4188)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-an-http-proxy-for-all-http-requests-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="using-an-http-proxy-for-all-{project-context}-http-requests-by-using-web-ui"]

> = Using an HTTP proxy for all {Project} HTTP requests by using {ProjectWebUI}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Setting the default HTTP proxy for all {Project} HTTP requests by using {ProjectWebUI}
```
